Welcome back, guys.
So let's discuss this thing then.
How can we find the maximum of some particular range?
And what we want is we want to find the maximum of only those values whose edge that is.
The heights are less than the current rate.
So for then what we do is we go in and order and we solve the problem in an order.
Let's see.
How do we solve this problem in.
In order, let me quickly copy.
This?
Well, I cannot copy their input, so let me try that input again.
Got it.
So let's take this input, which is, again, nine.
It's about going in in order.
Right.
The order matters, basically.
It's very important to you.
It will help you in many places.
So we have this nine and then Ford to.
536.
179.
The next is the really values fix it.
We have four, six, three.
574.
So before moving on, I just want you to go over the big mentoring section in this course where you
can understand how this segment will work.
What does it do?
It just go over it once and.
I'm back, if not already gone over.
If you knew how to segment debug, how does it calculate maximum for a particular range in log of anything
it's been submitted in.
But here we what we're doing is we will be filling GDP venues.
Right.
So, first of all, let us.
Just.
Move to the smallest element, which is one here.
So I'm moving to the smallest element.
Let me index it to.
They are the smallest element in the edge.
That is the height.
Smallest height is how much?
One for now.
Right.
Well, of course, we know that all eyes will be from one to end because they have to be a permutation
because they are all distinct and listening.
I hope you didn't mistake that.
All these are distinct and aldehydes are between one twin.
So if they're distinct and they are between one, two and only, then all of them have to be a permutation
from one.
To make this more or less.
How did we have it?
We have one, the less common one.
And then?
Now what are the deep values, Mary?
Let's call the zero.
At least initially already we were losing marriages filled with zero knowledge.
I'm just coming on this smallest.
Height, which is fun though, for one guy, is what is the maximum for all the other values in the
left of it?
This is the left of it.
This particular range from 1 to 6 eight was the maximum of the deep values is what we considered.
All the deep values have been filled with zero.
Why?
Why have they been filled with zero?
Because there is none which is smaller than one.
So the maximum here is zero.
And now what I'll do is I'll simply update the maximum plus E to the particular position of one eight.
So let's fill it with zero plus.
Fight, but just fight.
Hate.
The one gives me the best ending of fight.
This is the deep value of one that we have already calculated using.
The double volume approach to brute force eight.
It was one.
We can also see it was five only.
Now let's go on to the second index aid because just wait for 2 minutes and then you will be realizing
what's happening here.
Let's come to the second biggest element.
The second biggest element is to.
Okay, so we are talking about this deep value right now.
So what is what is the maximum on the left of it?
It's zero.
So the maximum plus is a value, which is eight zero plus eight is.
It.
Lets update this particular deep value with it.
Cool.
Now let's come to the third maximum value, which is three, of course.
So we have three over here.
Now you realize that.
Why is this?
Why updation in an order matters.
And how does it work?
Well, we have three over here now.
For three.
What we want is we want all the elements on the left of it.
I mean, to fill the DB by values.
We want all GDP values from zero or from deep one before such that at Jove this lesson at Joe five eight.
So what the max is the max is it the goal is why is the max eight.
Why?
Why am I not getting why am I not getting 16 or 20 or six is right?
Why am I not getting 16 or 20 which are greater than it?
In this case.
Why are those values filled with zeros?
Because.
Five and eight are greater than three rates.
If they are greater than three and I am going in an order, they would be updated later.
Eight.
How many elements are updated to allow all those elements, which are less than three.
So for all those elements, which are less than three out of date, they can be on the left or side
of three.
They can be on the right hand side of three.
But I only want the maximum answer for the left hand side.
So I'll just have a query from 0 to 8 minus one, and I just say, okay, this is the maximum location,
just this is the maximum value.
Just take it and use it.
Eight.
So why are these values filled with zeros?
Because they have not been updated because they are greater than C.
So I'm going in an order, I'm updating it in in an order towards the maximum.
Have you got eight.
So eight plus the current value of the current beauty of the is six.
So it does exist 14.
So let's updated 14 over here.
I hope you're getting this eight.
Well, now let's move on to the next part, which is or right after he comes forward.
So on the left of it, there is none maximum value.
So why do we want.
We want.
Zero, of course.
So zero plus six will be six.
Well, now this is a dip below four.
Now, the next part is after four.
We will have five.
This is five.
And what are the.
Maximum values on the left of five.
The maximum left of five is six in it.
Do you guys buy?
Am I getting six in it?
No way.
Is none of them zero?
Because both to win for without less than five if to win for the less than five, that means they were
updated earlier than five and if they were upgraded, that means they will have some non-zero values
full.
That means their DB was already calculated and updated now.
Four five.
What is the maximum amount?
We have maximum to be it and it plus it is 16.
Let me updated with 16.
Well, now what's the next one?
636.
Yeah.
Once again, let's find the maxim on the left of it.
Levi, is this zero?
And why are these not zeros?
Because.
Because this is greater than six.
This has not been updated to come later by three, five, two in food and less than six.
There have been already updated.
Their DPI values are already calculated.
So at any moment of time for a particular index, if I'm trying to have a maximum going on the left
of it, we have only those values set.
What is said means only those values are non-zero.
They.
Who's at, say, values, whose values are less than the current.
That's a value.
Because they were updated earlier.
Well.
And.
Yeah.
So what is the maximum on the left of it, guys?
It's 16.
Right.
So 16 trees.
19.
So this will be updated by 19.
Similarly, 48.
Next updated the 16 plus forward is 20.
So as you can see, we get we are getting correct value still now.
And now what we have is we have seven.
Okay.
Sorry.
Not seven.
That that's one eight.
No, not indexes the heights.
So now the seven.
Now Beyonce.
Eight.
Seven.
The maximum the left is 2027 is 27.
Cool.
And now what we have, we have nine.
So what is the maximum on the left of it?
The marks on the left of your restaurant is 727 plus five is 30.
Too late.
So what's the answer?
Okay, it's 31.
I think I missed something.
But in my world I did one thing wrong that I updated it before I did it.
Seven.
So let's update it again.
Let's update 7/1.
The maximum on the left is 19.
The seven is 26.
Now, I have to update it because if I update it first and after seven, that means I filled it with
20.
Now this drug is being used in seven.
But that's not true.
That should not happen.
Eight.
So.
Yeah.
But my bad.
Just it will just take a minute more.
We have eight, the maximum is 16, blissfully strong and the maximum here is 26 and five is 31.
So the maximum among all of them is 31.
Well, guys, I hope this has been very clear.
Let's call it out now, eight.
And I'm just erasing this code because we don't need it.
Let's do one thing.
It's it is only this part.
And this deep part.
Would it be?
No problem.
Well, now, what do we need?
We need you moving in order.
Right.
So how do we move in?
In order, I should.
To move in.
In order?
What we have to do is we have to move in the sending order of these height weight.
So what I can do is let's begin at and let's call it indicate Eddie, which will tell me that, okay,
if I have one.
If I have this one, then it is on which index?
The index of one will be equal to seven.
Index of two will be equal to two.
Index of three will be equal to five.
What a particular height.
Hey, where is that height located?
Where is the index of that look in the original area.
Well.
So let's take it equal to and plus one because all of them is one base indexed.
So I think.
Do not get confused.
Let's take.
Again, it's not everything went missing.
Next, let's take everything.
Zero vision mix, fool.
So what I do is whenever I get a hit, I just simply subject it.
I simply subtract the height by when I'm just doing your homework.
Everything's aggravation index now.
All the heights up from zero to n minus one, not from one to in.
Well, that should not be an issue.
It's a small thing to do, just a minor correction.
I.
So what next?
Now let's start iterating over all the values from zero to n minus one, right?
Where is the in next?
Where this particular i.e..
Okay, let's not call it a let's call it edge.
Well, we are going for all the heights.
So we'll start from height number.
But we'll start from high number one initially.
So right now, everything is, you know, based on how you do it.
What I do here is I simply say that index of AGI is equal to it, that this particular height is located
in this particular index, which I am kicking back here.
Right.
Okay.
So here, we'll get the problem.
Let's call it exit.
Eight, let's call it.
Edit Well, so this is the index and this is right now what we have to do is we have to find the maximum
value of DB on the left over it on the left of the index.
Right.
So how do we do that to find a maximum in one query for a particular range will be within segment is
eight lets you segment these case.
And yeah, let me copy this story.
So I have to structure here segmented.
This part is already being explained to everyone how to update, how to query, how to build a segment.
And of course, we won't be needing to build this for you, right?
We will simply inventory directly by building it because it's decided by zero, because we don't have
to do any calculation.
Initially, everything is filled with zeros.
We just have to update and query nothing else.
So we don't need to build it in it, but.
I won't also use it.
They.
So here we have our segment.
So let's say you don't.
It's initialize it by.
And so it will handle the rest of the part which is initializing the driven.
And now what I have to do is I'll simply say that okay API equals to nothing but 3.3 02i minus one eight.
So this is the query part which okay.
Yeah, this is the way I report.
Otherwise I live zero not in the menu.
And anything is.
Yeah.
No new places.
So this is giving me the query, which is giving me the maximum value on the deep values on the left
of oak.
So it's not a value minus one.
This is index minus one because the index is the index where it is being stored and.
Similarly, it will be equal to the ADP index, not the API method.
Now what we have done is we have done DP of that index for that particular index.
Let's start let's say let's say I'm on six for this index.
I'm taking the maximum from zero to index minus one in the tree.
And whatever is the maximum, the DP index will be equal to the maximum plus if I.
And again, the index of index.
Cool.
After this.
What we need to do is so after they've found the deep value for the current.
Index.
I need to updated inventory so that it can be used for further indexes so it can be useful for further
right before all the further right.
I have to update the deep value industry they later updated.
So how do I updated in?
Just pass on the index in the value added index.
Update DDP indicated.
We have already calculated.
Well, this bill, this.
Okay.
I don't see any errors as of now.
Let's put into the appendix as of now and let's see whether we are getting correct answers or not.
Full.
Well.
There is something that's not correct.
That means.
Um.
Okay, so I'm getting forward here right on the, the first place.
It should not be forward.
It should be six.
That means.
Okay.
Just as a.
For all the indexes.
Let's bring it up with you.
If I.
Because here we are again going in and order eight.
Yeah.
So we have six.
It's 16.
Six, eight, 16.
Here we had four.
But what we want is we want one.
Be right.
So there can be a little issue here.
So I think it's working and this is what we need to do.
Get away from the radio and explain this one.
Yes.
We stored it in the index.
We should not get food aid.
We should.
Okay.
Just give me a second and let me figure it out.
The problem here.
Okay.
So initially we went on the third index.
It is zero one, two, three.
So this is not correct, right?
Because.
ET.
It starts from zero.
Buddy.
Sorry.
My word.
So here, this index is not edge of edge, is it?
Just index.
Index of double edge.
I didn't notice that.
Yeah.
Now we're getting correct answers.
Eight elaborated I used at Dover just so it was giving us some value, but not the great value it which
was stored at the particular index at ADX 88.
Yeah.
No, it's correct.
Now.
What's the final answer?
This final answer is maximum of this maybe at it or what we can also do is we can simply say it is equal
to 3.30 to 1 minus one the maximum value.
Well with just 31 in this case.
So where does the complexity of this you've been doing nothing but hashing the indexes.
So this is of an operation, again, of an operation.
So we initializing it of an operation.
And in this loop, what we're doing is we are going to learn.
And for all the end times, we are having one query which is of log in and updating the tree, which
is again of log in.
Right.
What is the total complexity?
And log in because we are doing log in to log and operation and things.
There it is in log in and log in is fine.
It works because and is 285.
It's not a big deal.
I hope you got this case, but how am I using segmenting and see it has become a really very small solution
to it.
Just not not big, right.
And this is nothing with the input variables and we just we are just doing one thing, grading and updating.
And because we are going in in order to avoid this order, help us do order helps us to.
So I have this part, which is.
Despite it, only those people whose Arab it is, whose it's Jesus, doesn't it say, and how do I handle
this?
Father took one maximal for all those values by simply equating indiscriminately with six the of offending
nature.
Here you understand how can they be be used?
How can you advantage your district is be you isn't any programming.
And now what we're doing is we are of course going one level above it is Q right now arrested you rid
of lose their not only left so be ready for something new to be coming on your way right as it came
in this problem.
Let's admit this and not get it wrong answer.
We have a streak right from here.
We are getting correct answers.
And.
Okay.
Right.
So again, we see that, okay, in 173 milliseconds, we have gotten anything police.
So thank you, everyone, and see you in the next tutorial.